Let's run this and
see what we broke [LAUGH].
Now it's going to be like,
now that I did all of that,
it's going to be I'm not gonna give
you consistent thinking anymore.
Okay, here we go.
So actually,
I got to ask it a new question now, right?
So let's go back to our page, and
now I don't have to do this, right?
I'll have to do is just
give it an entry now,
today was a okay day I guess,
I found a new coffee shop, that was cool.
But then I got a flat tire.
And I'll put a happy face
just to really confuse it.
[LAUGH] there really throw it off
Cool, yeah, let's see what happens.
And let me just, I don't know if
that's the actual output or not,
but I'm just gonna refresh
it just to make sure.
See what happens here.
Coo, okay, so as you can see, here's
all the things, which is really cool.
So, let's see where it starts.
It did it twice.
I'm trying to see where it started.
Okay, so here's the prompt that we made.
Let me see if I can get to where
it starts and where it ends.
And yeah,
I think it was here.
So I think everything that I have
highlighted the prompt that got created so
you can see.
Here's our thing at the top where we
steered it, we gave it instructions.
And then the format and the structure
that we made with Zod schema, and
this is where it got inserted.
It added you must format your output as
JSON value that adheres to a given JSON
schema incidents.
Jason's schema and
then it describes Jason's schema.
Remember I told you about one shot,
zero shot mini shot?
Okay, it's giving it an example so
it's helping it through examples.
This is a classic way of helping LM's.
So it's like here's an example of what a
Jason schema instance would look like and
then saying here's the schema and
that wouldn't these properties
would match this property.
Thus this object will be format right
it's literally teaching it JSON right
imagine having to write
this it would be terrible.
So and then just like remember
your output will be parsed and
type checked according to
the provided schema instance.
So make sure all the fields in your
output match the schema exactly And
there will be no trailing commas,
it's yelling at just like I was.
>> [LAUGH]
>> And then it's like, cool.
Here is your JSON Schema.
And then put it in an enclosing
markdown code block, so
you really can't mess this up.
And then here's our JSON schema
that got created through our Zod.
And then it's like, okay,
cool, and then it runs it.
And then it spits back.
You can see this is
the prompt that I gave it.
And then it spits back the format
of JSON exactly the way that we
want it in a JSON code block ready for
us to parse beautiful right?
So this is all just prompt engineering.
You could have wrote
written this yourself, but
people at length chain
are already doing it.
So this used their thing [LAUGH]
>> Did you forget the subject?
>> Summary, yeah, I did forget subjects.
Yeah, okay, look at that.
I guess there was one more
that I had that in my code my,
GitHub and I just like,
just looked over it.
Yeah, I did have it in my code.
I just looked.
It's like hidden.
It's like right here.
You can't really see it.
Yeah, let's add the subject and we, and
then I guess it is a good example to see
like, how did it,
it'll still work here, right?
So we could say subjects c-string I
think this one was actually pretty easy.
You don't have to do anything crazy.
I just said the subject of
the journal entry, right?
This one's really simple.
There we go, we got that.
Don't have to change anything else.
Should just be able to run this again.
I'll run up the same prompt.
And see what we get.
There we go.
We got our subject.
Daily events, found a new coffee shop but
got a flat tire.
Neutral, I guess it figured out.
It was neutral.
It was pretty neutral.
I thought that smiley face was gonna throw
it off and be like, it was a good day.
But no I guess not, yes.
>> Is 3.5 Turbo as of like June 2023.
Is that like your kinda daily driver or
like the default model when
using open AI at least.
Have you played around with others and
have takeaways or recommendation?
>> Yeah, I'll probably use GPT 3.5 Turbo,
because it's the same thing with Chat GPT.
So the difference between GPT 3.5
Turbo and regular GPT 3, I believe,
actually I could be wrong,
they might have both went through this.
But I know Turbo really went through this,
is that they
had reinforcement learning done to
the model after it was trained through.
All the data from the internet,
human interaction, reforced learning,
which basically just means the best
way I can describe it is like.
If you go into ChatGPT and
you do thumbs up, thumbs down,
that's reinforcement learning, right?
It's, it's like looking at the output and
being like, this was good.
This was bad.
And then feeding that back into it.
Because the way a neural network
works under whatever has tons of
different layers each layers is
just a set of statistics and
which a prediction crosses through.
So like it determines what is the best
statistically what is the best
path to go through to get
some type of prediction.
So in order for it to correct itself, it
just goes back to those certain layers and
readjust those.
It rebalances those statistics to
have different numbers, right?
So you might think of a node and
a neural network might have,
it can have a value between 0 and
1, right?
And that's a statistic.
So it just readjusts those to figure out
how to get to the result that it needs
to get to.
There's a lot of stuff that
goes into it as far as like,
punishing the neural net that sounds so
bad but like yeah, you can reward it.
You can punish it.
There's like different things like that.
So, there's a whole lot in that how you
recommend literally going through and
building your own neural net and
JavaScript is.
If you know Python, do it in Python.
If you know JavaScript,
do it in JavaScript.
But it's a great learning experience.